What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    
    Ans When you initlialize the git repository git makes a .git directory in the directory
    which contains the configuration file. Initally git makes no commit and you are on the
    master branch.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
    
    Ans Staging area is a buffer area which is temporaryily used to hold the files which are ready to be commited
    and allows user to cross verify it before performing the final commit. The changes made in the staging area 
    can easily be reverted without any problem.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
    
    Ans we can add multiple files which have same logical connection into the stagging area and then commit them at once making
    the commit a logical block.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

    Ans It is helpful when you want to develop or test some new feature outside the original environment or develop the 
    same software for different language or compatibility. Whenever you are moving to a new piece of work you create a 
    new branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Ans Diagrams help me visualize the branch structure and know exactly which commits are can be recovered. It is a handy tool.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

    Ans The result of merging two branch is that updates made by both the branches are combined and commits made in one branch can be 
    reached via the other branch. It is much more easy to view it in the form of diagrams.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
    
    Ans The git doesn't merge branches when it is unsure of which change to accomodate and therefore allows user to resolve the conflicts manually.
    This providesm much more flexibility on which version to be kept in the final code. Therefore manual merging is a cool feature.
